everyone we're back in the craft room
and we're going to do another jewelry
clay craft and this if you've seen my
other videos you you know that it's made
vine by our Texas same people that make
the easy test resin and what we're doing
is we're going to take equal parts of
both and we're going to be making a ring
today it's pretty equal to me so I'm
going to close the a and a B so all you
want to do is roll these into a ball
make sure you have pretty equal parts
look pretty equal to me and then you're
just going to mix them together and when
you mix them together there's some type
of a chemical reaction that happens over
the next 12 to 24 hours that allows it
to harden and anything you put into it
will stay there and you don't need any
additional adhesive the main thing you
need to remember is when you are mixing
it you need to make sure that it is
fully mixed and that you don't have any
any different colors it's got to be a
uniform color to make sure it's fully
mixed so it will have that chemical
reaction that's pretty good so I don't
need a ton of it for the ring that I'm
doing and it this ring is elastic so it
will fit any finger and I could put on
your thumb you can put it on wherever
and what I wanted to do was kind of
dress up the front and wasn't really
sure how to do it
until I heard of this clay and on doing
is I'm going to Pat it right on here and
I wanted to cover the top of the Ring
but I don't want it to come down the
sides I want it to be pretty neat okay
when I have it in place what I'm going
to do is I had these these clear and
these blue Swarovski crystals then I'm
just going to be placing onto the ring
and I thought this was kind of a fun
light color since its spring it's kind
of making me feel like spring or summer
a little bit
I'm going to kind of go random with the
sizes and I'll probably use the oops
the bigger ones and then fill in with
the smaller I'll kind of go random with
the with the clear and the big the
medium and the bigger size and when you
get the initial ones in then you can
fill in with with any of the smaller
ones or the medium ones whatever fits
once you have everything on as well as
you can get it and so you like it kind
of give everything a little bit of a
squish and give it try to get it back in
the shapes because you'll have lost a
little bit of the shape here and there
all right when you get them all squished
in the way you want them I'm going to
take this um pearl it's like a whitish
pearl ish pigment powder and then I'm
going to just brush it all over the ring
and what this will do is the ring the
clay suppose to dry a pearly white or a
porcelain white I guess and I just kind
of wanted to dress it up maybe just that
little bit more so I've taken the pearl
powder and I put it all over the ring
and this should be sticking to the clay
and in about 12 hours we'll brush it off
and we will see the reveal the brain has
cured and now all I'm going to do is
take a soft brush and brush off all the
extra pigment powder
the buffs of the crystals very nicely
and there's the ring you can put it on
and wear it it's nice and sparkly and
shiny and you can do this in any color
because the crafters have a tremendous
selection of the crystals so I hope you
like it hope you give it a try remember
to rate comment and subscribe and
remember if you're having any trouble
finding the jewelry clay product go to
WWE TIG usa.com and they have listings
of where you can find their products
internationally and if you have any
questions on this or any of my other
tutorials go to my website at
www.clemson.edu/peach rafting
Oh